and there it is up ahead now I'm getting
this uh piece of the Triforce I actually
had some funny stuff happen
off-camera once trying to get this um
which I guess I'll flash up like a
screen shot up really quick if it
doesn't happen again though but it was
really really funny what happened I
won't spoil what it is though just
because I'm like that and all right it's
go ahead and do this how come on don't
mind me had to bulb these things come on
I wanted to blow stuff up I don't I know
there's like a position where you can
get like between the two of them
perfectly select that bombs collide with
one another every time okay fine you're
gonna make me kill you fine let's go
ahead and get it our bombs it's this one
excuse me geez okay Wow
hahaha kill that bird oh hey kill the
other ship stop killing me maybe I can
actually get it without having to do
anything now anyone have to kill him now
I don't wanna have to kill okay fine I
warned you I am a grandmaster sensei in
the ancient art of die you're going to
die now
there okay be still alive okay let's do
that
all right now let's dig for treasure
there we go
we actually got it cheese I swear that
was like the toughest Triforce shard of
them all right there and it was for all
the wrong reasons - okay here we go and
we get yet another Triforce shard
awesome let's go ahead and all right
just one more to go
oh how did I remember which reef this
one's in actually wait we can use
process of elimination with our
incredible charts see brain power
alright we have to go - okay it's down
there in that square so I believe that's
- I reef if I'm actually right about
what number reef it is I am such a nerd
it's - I reef yep it's - I reef in that
case we're going to teleport to southern
fairy island and then sail south because
it's the closest we can go - these are
all fairly close to teleport points so
yeah let's do it and there it is up
ahead there is the last piece you're the
last piece on balance I'd say okay I'm
pretty sure you guys have seen that
greeting card you know like the whole
like Zelda Valentine's Day card where
it's like you're the last piece and
shows like what three pieces are all
right here we go last Triforce shard
already we have all the Triforce shards
cheese came and went so fast alright so
we've now reassembled all the pieces of
the Triforce
let's do it alright that is the tip of
the triangle and there we go that is a
Triforce of courage and they all form
together to make a giant golden triangle
of die or courage whatever
well done linked with the shards you
have collected the Triforce of courage
is now complete at last I must take them
to Hyrule quickly yes he says to take
them the Hyrule quickly but we're not
gonna quite do that yet we have five
more pieces of heart to collect here
only five shouldn't take more than one
or two videos plus you might have
noticed yeah my voice got plus um
there's another item that we haven't
gotten is you can see there's always
been a blank space in our inventory and
we're going to get that item to which
we're going to be doing in the next few
episodes alright though so next time on
The Legend of Zelda the Wind Waker we're
going to be finishing up our striving
for 100% completion and then a couple
more videos heading off to hyrule see
you guys then